---
id: 5zhr7nv3gs8w8wma3llj2yr
title: Enforcement
desc: ''
updated: 1694079831453
created: 1694058990911
nav_order: 40
---

* _Color_: **Silver**
* _Need_: **Enforcement**

As [[aforementioned|13-13s]], the game is fundamentally about control of space.

If, during their tenure, a holder of a space wants a player removed from that space and that player refuses to leave, they can call on Enforcement to remove that party to a space where they have permission to be.

Control is hierarchical and of descending specificity. The active holder might have control of a room. The house they're in is held by someone else, the grounds of the property someone else, the neighborhood someone else, the city, the state, the country, the continent, etc. — up to 13 segments ultimately encompassing the universe — each held by a different party.

There are only three hard and fast rules to the game:
* No violence
* No theivery
* Be kind

Violations of those rules can be recorded and submitted to the various holders who can decide whether to permit the player space within their demesne.

There will always be locations of last resort that are available to all players, but they may look like a house where the exterior locks are controlled by another party, or, if the player habitually destroys property where they are housed, it may look similar to the concrete cells with little to no damageable contents where inmates are housed currently.

This would only be in the most extreme and well documented cases that alternatives weren't feasible.

So, the role of the Silver team in extreme cases would be to deliver players to a permitted location.

Silver is intended to have a well-known and real threat of the ability to exercise force if necessary. This is selected for through reviews of combat footage where the relative dangerousness of various parties is ranked by observers.
