---
id: 46nefi7al8pvhetye9vg1v2
title: Projects
desc: ''
updated: 1695719027738
created: 1694070085015
nav_order: 30
---
* **[[Spaces|13-13s.axes.projects.spaces]]: ^spaces** Based in a 3D model of the spaces under the jurisdiction of the game, `Spaces` has three primary functions:
  * Each user *should* have a space allotted to them at every point in time. `Spaces` keeps track of where everyone controls.
  * Areas within the system will need maintenance. `Spaces` allows land holders to specify what they desire to have done and for those staying to claim tasks to reduce their rent.
  * Improvements will be made to the areas and `Spaces` tracks planned building and facilitates the decision making process for determining what will be done.

* **[[Duos|13-13s.axes.projects.duos]]: ^duos** A cornerstone of the game are pairs of people riding around in cars and performing a variety of tasks dependent on the need. `Duos` tracks the location of everyone. Publicly location data is published in terms of [[waypoints|philosophy.waypoint]], but trusted parties will have more specific data so as to make better plans.

* **Dashcam: ^dashcam** This will be a ride-along companion for the duos. It will perform several functions:
  * Record the activities of the vehicle capturing the GPS data as an associated subtitle stream.
  * Monitor the video for police cars & collaboratively maintain a map of their known locations both for avoiding them and involving them as quickly as possible when necessary.
  * If the car is detained by law enforcement, connect the cameras via a livestream with someone to provide legal advice and a list of potentially interested parties.

* **[[Ship|13-13s.axes.projects.ship]]: ^ship** Homed at [ship.via.autos](https://ship.via.autos) the shipping system tracks the location of all the parcels, the Holders where they can be stored, and their eventual destinations.

* **[[The New Black Market|13-13s.axes.projects.market]]: ^substances** An interface for selling things with digital testing certificates. Aimed in large part at the violence, dilution, & theft-free distribution of substances, regardless of their provenance.

* **[[Pairs|13-13s.axes.projects.pairs]]: ^pairs** Development of these projects is through a series of pair programming meetings where the developers pass off control of the codebase from one pair to another. Peers review the process, and based on their evaluations reputations are formed.

* **Mïmis: ^mimis** A distributed graph database of versioned XML documents holding, initially, bunches of variations of SVGs and unzipped EPub books. In addition to the traditional file tree, other contexts will be available for reference; such as recolorings of SVGs or collections of icons.

* **Skin: ^skin** An interface to take the images in [[Mïmis|#^mimis]] and allow collaborative combinations destined to be printed into a skin for one of thirteen vehicles to be the initial [[Duos|#^duos]] network.

* **Stuff: ^stuff** What does the world hold, where is it located, and who owns it. It also allows for transfer of ownership & [[shipping|13-13s.axes.projects.ship]].

* **When: ^when** The revolution doesn't use the Christian / Babylonian time-keeping systems. Instead, time is tracked on the Sidereal Zodiac for ceremonial events. the Hijri for the production calendar, both using a 10-hour day w/ 100 minutes per hour / 100 seconds per minute. `When` encompasses using those time metrics throughout all the systems.

* **Ring: ^ring** Part of rules enforcement relies on the credible threat of physical force. This is determined by peer-reviewed recordings of fights.
