---
id: i2efue9tpvo904olulmykjp
title: Mob
desc: ''
updated: 1698156323712
created: 1695019466131
---
This is a framework to support the organization of continual work on a project by scheduling a series of overlapping mob programming sessions where mob programming is like pairing, but generally involves three or four people.

So development continues 24 hours a day with developers swapping in and out of the mob both programming and helping to create [a marked up recording](https://pairs.trwb.live) that captures major threads in the process such as someone finding a bug or not following the coding styles or coming up with an inventive design.

All work is both streamed and recorded. Participants receive a base payment for being present for a session and recording a video. That compensation, however, can be more than doubled based on peer review of the session stream.

The goal is to provide a resource for architects who have a reasonably well structured project description, but don't have the resources to build a development organization. Also, the recordings will capture the entire development process for the program, and, when combined with the review metadata should provide interested parties a live "blame" view of the author's thinking for each piece of code.

## Interfaces

There are four primary interfaces used to orchestrate the endeavor:

* [Scheduling](#scheduling)
* [Transition](#transition)
* [Execution](#execution)
* [Review](#review)

### Scheduling

A session has at least three participants: the Navigator, the Driver, and a Witness. The Navigator described the code to be written while the Driver operates the keyboard.

Navigators apply for sessions by providing:

* a minimum hourly rate they will accept
* the time slot they desire; because the time is dependant on the session before, they specify what they want as:
  * a minimum start time
  * a maximum end time
  * a minimum duration
  * a preferred duration
  * a maximum duration
* a set of GitHub issues they intend to address
* a set of tasks they expect to accomplish

Members of a planning circle maintain a GitHub project to rank issues and tasks so that would be Navigators know what to prioritize.

#### Scheduling Incentives

The expected minimum pay is $15 / hour for everyone with bonuses based on the result of the evaluation of the recording.

### Transition

The basic process is a repetition of:

* Mob Working
* Mob Coordinating
* Mob Transitioning

Where “Mob Transitioning” is a change of Navigator. For any given mob, there is a *“Navigator”*. The Navigator runs the call & is the ultimate authority when it comes to the direction of the mob. Depending on the relative skillsets, the Navigator may be dictating the majority of the code.

The mechanics of operating the machinery of the computer falls to the *“Driver”*. Under the instruction of the rest of the mob they manage files and their contents, and run whatever tests are desired.

There's at least three people in a mob, and the *“Witness”* rounds out the basic three. The Witness has [software they use to evaluate the call](https://pairs.trwb.live).

Any of the three positions in the mob can swap out…

During the hour of overlap the incoming pair will get a stream key for the Driver to configure OBS on their system. The viewing key will be encrypted using Lit & made accessible to appropriate token and address holders.

All participants in the call are encouraged to record in case there's some issue with the Driver's stream.

Calls take place via a Discord video chat that has a bot bouncer limiting access to holders of specific addresses and tokens.

The two pairs use the overlapping hour for the departing team to summarize their accomplishments & any outstanding tasks. Based on this feedback the coming pair may choose to alter the tasks they play to address.

Eventually, the leaving pair makes a final commit and control passes to the new team.

### Execution

A major component of compensation is based on input from a program that semantically breaks down the video into time periods of activities like debugging or new development or testing.

Periods when the pair goes off track are marked as well as events like discovering a solution and writing code that doesn't conform to the syntax standards.

During their session the participants have access to this review interface to create a first pass at marking the recording in real time.

### Review

One of the dangers of this system is that the development pair will accidentally reveal secret information to the stream that will be used by an attacker to perform an exploit.

To avoid this, until the video has undergone a set of trusted full reviews where the interface allows the flagging for blurring of secret data review will be limited to sets of token holders.

As well as an objective description of the events, reviewers are also able to make subjective assessments: both descriptive statements and also weighted terms. It will also be possible to review reviews and rate the veracity of an assessment.

#### Incentives

The pair of programmers receive a fixed rate that is moderated by the reviews of their session.

The initial three reviewers will earn at the same rate as the other participants. In general the idea is we are buying people's time and that is worth roughly the same amount *(~$15⁄hr)* regardless of whose time it is.

After the initial reviews, compensation will be for establishing consensus on the evaluation of the video. Adding annotations that weren't present previously & are voted meaningful by a quorum of voters will be rewarded.

## Technologies

* [Livepeer](https://livepeer.org) will be used for steaming the sessions & capturing recordings.
* [Ceramic](https://ceramic.network) will be used for storing review information.
* The FVM will be used for token-based accomplishment tracking and permissions using [Hypercerts](https://hypercerts.org).
* [IPFS](https://ipfs.io) will be used for the storage of video streams.
* Postgresql will be used for querying bids to determine potential schedules.
