---
id: 950aqp7aas21glbho4mlvxj
title: The New Black Market
desc: ''
updated: 1696298106870
created: 1695285069053
---
We don't supplant the gangs. We give them a more effective mechanism for making money that disincentivizes violence. Ultimately we seek to eliminate the one major impediment to their operation: law enforcement.

## Process

Shopper access is mediated through token access. Shops can be token-gated, but the metadata for a token also contains information about how to sync with that shop's state.

When items are sold the buyer is responsible for creating a delivery plan.

Items are stored relative to waypoints in terms of time. Rather than sharing with the system the exact storage location of something, its location will be "within *x* minutes of *y*". When on the job, Couriers will describe their location using the same nomenclature.

The system will generate recommended series of holders and couriers which span the distance from the items waypoint to the customer. The buyer will choose from these options based desires for cost and speed.

Each item in the system is uniquely identified within the system. A sales contract for a generic item will be for one from a set of potentials.

Holders are responsible for maintaining storage locations. A holder might give over a room in their house to the system. They could adjust their contracts so that items they use regularly are part of what is stored at their site. When they have need of more of a product, they contact the seller and buy directly from what is already onsite.

Items are protected through a combination of escrows, bonds, and reputation.

The process begins when a distributor receives in bulk from a supplier. The distributor divides and packages the bulk receipt. They then create representations of the items in their shop, coordinate that with a NFC tag on the item, and sync that data to the network.

Packages exist within the system solely in terms of their physical characteristics, their waypoint-based location, & a unique tracking identifier.

Outside parties will be given the capacity to make verifiably authentic claims about items or collections of items within the network. Say for instance someone is buying insulin through the network, a sample of the product can be sent to a testing lab in such a way the lab can make available to someone viewing the product the results of the tests.

Taking possession of an item will involve scanning its NFC tag and signalling a to the network a change of control.
